It has only been half a year but so many things changed significantly. Funny how life turns out sometimes, especially in such a short time when you look back like this.

Also, I have deleted some of the previous posts due to how cringe and naive they are. If you have read those, I'm so sorry that you have to witness my past-self cringiness.

Anyway, where to start on the last 6 months, hmm..

Should I turn this post into a course review since my life is revolving around study now?

Ahh, fuck it, I will just write whatever comes first in my mind and what I remember then.

So, semester-B 2022 of RMIT, I took three courses: Intro to Computer System, User-centred Design and Security in Computer and Information Technology.

Ended up with 2 HDs and a 79 DI for UCD .-. Meh, in my defense, I do have a reason for getting that grade so..

Also, not an excuse for the past posts that I deleted but at that time, writing blog WAS the only way that I could vent my emotions, I did hold up a lot of emotions back then. I am much calmer now (I guess).

Okay let's get back to the topic for real. Course review with a mixture of past experiences it is!

I will review from the easiest in my opinion to the most frustrated course.

- Starting with UCD:
So 100% is divided into: Lab Tests (10%), Individual Assignment (45%) and Group Assignment (50%).
Honestly, this course may be defined as hard for others as I was lucky enough to have such a good team that we divided the parts equally. There were just a lot to do for the Group Assignment like doing reports, making a website prototype, making a Consent Form for Interviewing, conducting interviews, Q&A, and so on (Yeah, still more!). Therefore, it would be extremely hard if you have to carry the assignment so I would suggest you find a team ASAP and see their abilities. For me, again, I was lucky cuz I knew none of them and I got in thanks to this very blog.

About the course material, I think it's enough for you to do the assignment with a bit of creativity and researches as you have to analyze a website for the Individual Assignment and a Reflection essay after that. Thinking back, Jon is not bad as a lecturer, however, he did go off-topic by a lot so I would recommend you to read the suggested book on Canvas. Most of the slides content were also taken/inspired from it. Not to mention the book is very short, easy to read and interesting with only 150 pages.

Kinda ironic that I have the lowest grade for the easiest one, I actually got a very decent excuse for that, to the point that I only have 2 days to do the whole Assignment.

You see, I was kicked out of my rented house at that time, but not for the reason that you think. Sorry for my language since I am still mad when thinking back, I don't think I have ever hated a person more than the owner of that house before. At least it's all in the past now and I have avoided a huge fucking bomb. 
Here we go, long story short, the owner of the house, KDC Ven song duong so 8 nha 56, is a greedy BITCH, she kicked me out in a just a month as soon as she found another person with a better deal (like from 4.5mil/room she raised to 6mil/room IN A MONTH and the room is not even that good to begin with), with such bullshit and irrational reason like: You HAVE TO say hi to me whenever you go somewhere and even when I'm busy with something else. Excuse me??! We are fucking stranger, bro, if you wanna kick me just say it to my face, don't make up such bs reasons. And believe me, that's not the only bs, so that's that.
I was so stressed at that time with Assignments at Week 4 and house-hunting. 

Yeah so that's my reason for getting 79.

- Aight, for Security:
100% is divided into 3 Assignments: Indi 20%, Indi 30% and a Group 50%.
